So instead of having the word you UdaciSlider for our slider,
Let's go ahead and build out
our UdaciSlider component using react-native slider component.
So inside of UdaciSlider,
the very first thing we're going to do is we can get rid of text,
and we are going to import slider.
And then now, if you remember,
when we use UdaciSlider, it's down here,
what we're doing is we're passing it a value and onChange,
and then everything else that is coming from our metaInfo information right here.
So what we're going to do is,
let's go ahead and restructure all of these.
We'll have max, unit,
step, value and then onChange.
And then now, what we want to do is,
let's render our slider component.
Again, this is just coming from react-native.
It is a built in component,
and what we want to pass it,
is step as well as the value.
And then we will give it a,
it's called maximumValue, which we call the max.
The minimumValue, we'll just set to zero.
And then, onValueChange, that's where we will
pass our onChange method that we're passing in.
And now, let's go ahead and also render
a few other things because what we want to do is show the value,
and then we also want to show the unit.
So again, the end result of this is going to look like this,
where we have our slider as well as our value and the unit.
So this whole thing right here is our UdaciSlider component.
And that looks good. Let's go ahead and save that,
and we'll look at our Apps.
I can't find text because we got rid of it for some reason.
Now, we are good.
So notice as we slide this,
either one of these,
the value is going up right here and same thing on our Android emulator.